*** The notes file ***
This is a place to take notes of things that spontaneously come to mind
and seem of value, to later be sorted, reviewed and put into other
files or be deleted.

- Schedule a monthly game report (for self or place it on the web) to help self
track the progress and keep sight of the big picture.
The first Saturday or Sunday of the month sounds like a thing.
I guess I should pick a day on which I feel a bit mentally tired as the review
would not be something requring too much creative and problem solving energy.

- GAMEPLAY IDEA
The player can start out at a very spiritualy clean community where demon
manifestations are few and far between and practice on general cleanup before
answering calls to more serious cases.
Casting away demons in secular comunities and cities would be something more
challenging as hevy demonisation would be more common and there would be
signifficantly more and stronger demons in the second heaven in those places
and even making their way into the natural (the first heaven) now and again.
And I'm not even talking about places where the communities of the darker art
practitioners would gather - that's a wole another level.

- DEMON HIERARCHY IDEA
The demons could be sorted in tiers like "Emperor", "King",
"Lord / Principal(ity)", "Captain", "Leutenant" with the "Prince of Darkness"
above them. Also possibly a few lower tiers to distinguish between the pawns.
As the "tier I" "tier II" seems rather dull and even unrepresentative of
the gameworld.

- GAMEPLAY IDEA : MAGIC
When casting a spell the caster could select how much energy to put into
the spell which would affect the otput of the given spell.
Eg: spirit cannon - amt of pwr would affect range, explosion damage and radius,
from a certain point the pufs of smoke would have a chance of dealing damage to
creatures passing through them.
Think about the possibility to further tailor some spells focusing energy
towards different elements of the final spell eg.: area of effect, damage,
duration, etc.

- SPELL IDEA - ART OF DESTRUCTION (Summoning)
[SUMMON SWORDS](think of a better name)
The caster summons several flying swords in a certain area (or within a
certain perimeter around the target) which home in on the target to pierce it.

- SPELL IDEA - ART OF DESTRUCTION (Raw Power / Direct)
[SPIRIT CANNON]
The caster hurls a very quickly moving projectile at the target. The projectile
explodes upon impact inflicting the bulk of the damage to the target, and some
to the surrounding area (short radius). A few puffs of "magic" smoke are
generated in the immediate vicinity.

- SPELL IDEA - ART OF BINDING (Summoning)
[BINDING CHAINS]
The caster summons chains that spring from the ground to immobilise
the target. The spell is geared towards immobilising large and/or less evasive
targets that heavily rely on melee or close range abilities, thus increasing the
power of this spell affects the durability of the chains far more than their
speed (chance of success).
The success of the spell is tested against the evasive ability of the target.
Once trapped the target has a chance to break free each turn (target strength vs
chain durability).

- SPELL IDEA - ART OF BINDING (Raw Power)
[BARRIER RAYS]
A quick spell with a high chance to hit, but will be easily broken by stronger
opponents.

- SPELL IDEA - ART OF BINDING (Raw Power)
[THICK AIR]Think of a better name
An area effect spell meant to slow down or even immobilise groups of
weaker adversaries. Additional power mainly influences the size of the area
affected.

- SPELL IDEA - ART OF DESTRUCTION (Fire/Summoning)
[FIELD OF LIGHTS]
Charges an area with the Fire element causing numerous small glowing particles
to appear in the air. The calmly floating particles explode when disturbed with
a chance to cause a chain reaction. Can be used as means of crowd control
and/or area denial against groups of weaker adversaries.
Additional power influences the size of the area affected as well as
density/power of the particles in the field.
